Meeting Transcript: Project Kickoff - AI Meeting Summarizer

Date: August 16, 2025
Attendees: John (Project Manager), Sarah (Developer), Michael (Designer), Emily (Product Owner)

John: Good morning everyone! Thanks for joining our project kickoff meeting for the AI Meeting Summarizer tool. Today we'll discuss the project goals, requirements, and timeline. Let's start with a quick round of introductions.

Sarah: Hi, I'm Sarah, the lead developer for this project. I'll be responsible for implementing both the frontend and backend components.

Michael: Hello, I'm Michael, the UI/UX designer. I'll be working on creating a simple but effective user interface for the application.

Emily: Hi everyone, I'm Emily, the product owner. I'll be representing the user needs and ensuring we're building the right features.

John: Great! Let's dive into the project overview. The AI Meeting Summarizer is a tool that will allow users to upload meeting transcripts and get AI-generated summaries. The key features include transcript upload, custom summarization instructions, and email sharing capabilities.

Emily: Yes, and I want to emphasize that the primary goal is functionality over design. We need a working MVP that demonstrates the core features.

Sarah: Got it. What's our timeline looking like?

John: We have two weeks to deliver the MVP. The first week should focus on setting up the basic infrastructure and implementing the core features. The second week will be for testing, bug fixing, and any small enhancements.

Michael: What about the UI requirements? Any specific guidelines?

Emily: Keep it extremely basic. We just need functional components - a text area for transcript input, a field for custom instructions, and buttons for generating and sharing the summary.

Sarah: And for the backend, we'll be using Node.js with Express, correct?

John: Yes, and we'll integrate with the Gemini API for the AI summarization. For email sending, we can use Nodemailer.

Emily: One important requirement is that users should be able to edit the generated summary before sharing it.

Michael: That makes sense. We can use a simple textarea for that.

Sarah: What about authentication or user accounts?

John: Not needed for the MVP. We'll keep everything in memory for now.

Emily: Correct. This is just a proof of concept to demonstrate the functionality.

John: Great! Any other questions before we wrap up?

Sarah: I think I have everything I need to get started on the implementation.

Michael: Same here. I'll start working on some simple UI mockups.

Emily: I'll be available for any clarifications on requirements as you progress.

John: Perfect! Let's meet again next week to check on progress. Thanks everyone!
